## Meeting Notes 13/02/2018

Attendees: Simon, Owen, Lamar, Anton

### Items which were discussed and questions which were raised

* For file-backed visualization Simon suggested to potentially make use of the swap. It needs to be investigated if this is feasible or if the swap
would just cause thrashing.
