## Draft Agenda

* Planning around MDWorkspace project for Dan Nixon (Everyone)
  * Outputs of Anton's work
  * Ideas for single, ordered `MDEventList`
  * Parallel writing of MDEventWorkspace Nexus files (direct continuation of Anton's work)
* EventList problem, few events (ESS SANS)
* Hardware requirements (Simon/Lamar)
* Onboarding new staff (Owen/Simon)
  * Plan projects, quite a few staff joining this year!
  * Organise meetings
* Push forward Instrument questions template, probably won't get done unless we push for it. (Owen/Simon)
* Look at [Iteration 4](https://jira.esss.lu.se/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=501&projectKey=DR&view=planning.nodetail). Decide what tracking approach would work best. 
  

