## Rough Agenda

### Monday 2rd July
CR 24 10:00 - 18:00

#### Hardware Requirements 
* Live Data measurements (Lamar)

#### Instrument Team Requirements
  * Imaging [sine2020](https://github.com/DMSC-Instrument-Data/documents/blob/8f3abf8cbc951a23e1d3eeeec0285c039cded9ed/meeting_notes/June_2018_Italy/imaging_questions.md)
  * Engineering [Beer](https://indico.esss.lu.se/event/1023/)

### Crystallography
* Discuss a shared resource pool (Sam will be absent). General agreement within SXD dev teams that concept development would be very useful and is badly lacking in Mantid.
* NXTools?

#### Introductions 

* ISIS SANS demo with Matthew (Monday afternoon)
* ISIS Reflectometry demo with Gemma (Monday afternoon)
* Meet ISIS IBEX Dev Team

### Tuesday 3rd July

* CR 22 08:00 - 11:00 (Mantid Workbench)
* CR 24 11:00 - 18:00

#### Workspace2
* Overview of Type Erasure (best design so far)
* Discuss roadmap to complete design and get in front of PMB for resourcing

#### Mantid Workbench
Martyn to lead discussion on this

#### MD Work
* Overview by Dan Nixon 
* How to continue resourcing this. PACE crossover etc. MD Work? 

#### Hardware Setup
* The [DAaaS](https://github.com/DMSC-Instrument-Data/documents/blob/master/meeting_notes/May_2018/DAaaS.md) Model - this has wider scope than Data Reduction. Should be discussed with Jon. For detailed discussion would need to involve SXD 

#### Dinner
Would depend on where everyone ends up staying, but Tuesday evening is reserved for this.

### Wednesday 4th July
CR 11 08:00 - 15:00

#### Tours (mainly for Neil)
* Tour of ISIS (Wednesday 10:15 outside IBEX office)

#### Planning
* Look at [plan](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16z5WiGysXqssw5GFhP05LpfEnmoU-sBeT-HiZSGOzAA/edit#gid=669025093) with Jon Taylor
  * New plan to include new staff if possible
  * Check plan over with everyone including Jon Taylor






